add release notes for CAPA v25 (#1292)
giantswarm/releases: capa/v25.0.0/announcement.md

> **Workload cluster release v25.0.0 for CAPA is available**. We are happy to announce first `Cluster API for AWS` (CAPA) release v25. This version is first Giant Swarm supported CAPA release. The release is available on CAPA Management Clusters and will be used as a first release to be upgraded to from the `Vintage` workload clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Workload cluster release v25.0.0 for CAPA is available**. We are happy to announce our first `Cluster API for AWS` (CAPA) release v25. This is the first Giant Swarm supported CAPA release. It is available on CAPA Management Clusters and will be used as a first release to be upgraded to from `Vintage` workload clusters.
```

Further details can be found in the [release notes](https://docs.giantswarm.io/changes/workload-cluster-releases-aws/releases/aws-v20.1.1/).

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
